```python
# 关于数据处理的库
import pandas
# 先把数据读进来
food_info = pandas.read_csv("food_info.csv")
print(type(food_info)) 
# 在当前数据集中，包含几种类型的结构
print(food_info.dtypes)
print(help(pandas.read_csv))
```

    <class 'pandas.core.frame.DataFrame'>
    NDB_No               int64
    Shrt_Desc           object
    Water_(g)          float64
    Energ_Kcal           int64
    Protein_(g)        float64
    Lipid_Tot_(g)      float64
    Ash_(g)            float64
    Carbohydrt_(g)     float64
    Fiber_TD_(g)       float64
    Sugar_Tot_(g)      float64
    Calcium_(mg)       float64
    Iron_(mg)          float64
    Magnesium_(mg)     float64
    Phosphorus_(mg)    float64
    Potassium_(mg)     float64
    Sodium_(mg)        float64
    Zinc_(mg)          float64
    Copper_(mg)        float64
    Manganese_(mg)     float64
    Selenium_(mcg)     float64
    Vit_C_(mg)         float64
    Thiamin_(mg)       float64
    Riboflavin_(mg)    float64
    Niacin_(mg)        float64
    Vit_B6_(mg)        float64
    Vit_B12_(mcg)      float64
    Vit_A_IU           float64
    Vit_A_RAE          float64
    Vit_E_(mg)         float64
    Vit_D_mcg          float64
    Vit_D_IU           float64
    Vit_K_(mcg)        float64
    FA_Sat_(g)         float64
    FA_Mono_(g)        float64
    FA_Poly_(g)        float64
    Cholestrl_(mg)     float64
    dtype: object
    Help on function read_csv in module pandas.io.parsers:
    
    read_csv(filepath_or_buffer: Union[str, pathlib.Path, IO[~AnyStr]], sep=',', delimiter=None, header='infer', names=None, index_col=None, usecols=None, squeeze=False, prefix=None, mangle_dupe_cols=True, dtype=None, engine=None, converters=None, true_values=None, false_values=None, skipinitialspace=False, skiprows=None, skipfooter=0, nrows=None, na_values=None, keep_default_na=True, na_filter=True, verbose=False, skip_blank_lines=True, parse_dates=False, infer_datetime_format=False, keep_date_col=False, date_parser=None, dayfirst=False, cache_dates=True, iterator=False, chunksize=None, compression='infer', thousands=None, decimal: str = '.', lineterminator=None, quotechar='"', quoting=0, doublequote=True, escapechar=None, comment=None, encoding=None, dialect=None, error_bad_lines=True, warn_bad_lines=True, delim_whitespace=False, low_memory=True, memory_map=False, float_precision=None)
        Read a comma-separated values (csv) file into DataFrame.
        
        Also supports optionally iterating or breaking of the file
        into chunks.
        
        Additional help can be found in the online docs for
        `IO Tools <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/io.html>`_.
        
        Parameters
        ----------
        filepath_or_buffer : str, path object or file-like object
            Any valid string path is acceptable. The string could be a URL. Valid
            URL schemes include http, ftp, s3, gs, and file. For file URLs, a host is
            expected. A local file could be: file://localhost/path/to/table.csv.
        
            If you want to pass in a path object, pandas accepts any ``os.PathLike``.
        
            By file-like object, we refer to objects with a ``read()`` method, such as
            a file handler (e.g. via builtin ``open`` function) or ``StringIO``.
        sep : str, default ','
            Delimiter to use. If sep is None, the C engine cannot automatically detect
            the separator, but the Python parsing engine can, meaning the latter will
            be used and automatically detect the separator by Python's builtin sniffer
            tool, ``csv.Sniffer``. In addition, separators longer than 1 character and
            different from ``'\s+'`` will be interpreted as regular expressions and
            will also force the use of the Python parsing engine. Note that regex
            delimiters are prone to ignoring quoted data. Regex example: ``'\r\t'``.
        delimiter : str, default ``None``
            Alias for sep.
        header : int, list of int, default 'infer'
            Row number(s) to use as the column names, and the start of the
            data.  Default behavior is to infer the column names: if no names
            are passed the behavior is identical to ``header=0`` and column
            names are inferred from the first line of the file, if column
            names are passed explicitly then the behavior is identical to
            ``header=None``. Explicitly pass ``header=0`` to be able to
            replace existing names. The header can be a list of integers that
            specify row locations for a multi-index on the columns
            e.g. [0,1,3]. Intervening rows that are not specified will be
            skipped (e.g. 2 in this example is skipped). Note that this
            parameter ignores commented lines and empty lines if
            ``skip_blank_lines=True``, so ``header=0`` denotes the first line of
            data rather than the first line of the file.
        names : array-like, optional
            List of column names to use. If the file contains a header row,
            then you should explicitly pass ``header=0`` to override the column names.
            Duplicates in this list are not allowed.
        index_col : int, str, sequence of int / str, or False, default ``None``
          Column(s) to use as the row labels of the ``DataFrame``, either given as
          string name or column index. If a sequence of int / str is given, a
          MultiIndex is used.
        
          Note: ``index_col=False`` can be used to force pandas to *not* use the first
          column as the index, e.g. when you have a malformed file with delimiters at
          the end of each line.
        usecols : list-like or callable, optional
            Return a subset of the columns. If list-like, all elements must either
            be positional (i.e. integer indices into the document columns) or strings
            that correspond to column names provided either by the user in `names` or
            inferred from the document header row(s). For example, a valid list-like
            `usecols` parameter would be ``[0, 1, 2]`` or ``['foo', 'bar', 'baz']``.
            Element order is ignored, so ``usecols=[0, 1]`` is the same as ``[1, 0]``.
            To instantiate a DataFrame from ``data`` with element order preserved use
            ``pd.read_csv(data, usecols=['foo', 'bar'])[['foo', 'bar']]`` for columns
            in ``['foo', 'bar']`` order or
            ``pd.read_csv(data, usecols=['foo', 'bar'])[['bar', 'foo']]``
            for ``['bar', 'foo']`` order.
        
            If callable, the callable function will be evaluated against the column
            names, returning names where the callable function evaluates to True. An
            example of a valid callable argument would be ``lambda x: x.upper() in
            ['AAA', 'BBB', 'DDD']``. Using this parameter results in much faster
            parsing time and lower memory usage.
        squeeze : bool, default False
            If the parsed data only contains one column then return a Series.
        prefix : str, optional
            Prefix to add to column numbers when no header, e.g. 'X' for X0, X1, ...
        mangle_dupe_cols : bool, default True
            Duplicate columns will be specified as 'X', 'X.1', ...'X.N', rather than
            'X'...'X'. Passing in False will cause data to be overwritten if there
            are duplicate names in the columns.
        dtype : Type name or dict of column -> type, optional
            Data type for data or columns. E.g. {'a': np.float64, 'b': np.int32,
            'c': 'Int64'}
            Use `str` or `object` together with suitable `na_values` settings
            to preserve and not interpret dtype.
            If converters are specified, they will be applied INSTEAD
            of dtype conversion.
        engine : {'c', 'python'}, optional
            Parser engine to use. The C engine is faster while the python engine is
            currently more feature-complete.
        converters : dict, optional
            Dict of functions for converting values in certain columns. Keys can either
            be integers or column labels.
        true_values : list, optional
            Values to consider as True.
        false_values : list, optional
            Values to consider as False.
        skipinitialspace : bool, default False
            Skip spaces after delimiter.
        skiprows : list-like, int or callable, optional
            Line numbers to skip (0-indexed) or number of lines to skip (int)
            at the start of the file.
        
            If callable, the callable function will be evaluated against the row
            indices, returning True if the row should be skipped and False otherwise.
            An example of a valid callable argument would be ``lambda x: x in [0, 2]``.
        skipfooter : int, default 0
            Number of lines at bottom of file to skip (Unsupported with engine='c').
        nrows : int, optional
            Number of rows of file to read. Useful for reading pieces of large files.
        na_values : scalar, str, list-like, or dict, optional
            Additional strings to recognize as NA/NaN. If dict passed, specific
            per-column NA values.  By default the following values are interpreted as
            NaN: '', '#N/A', '#N/A N/A', '#NA', '-1.#IND', '-1.#QNAN', '-NaN', '-nan',
            '1.#IND', '1.#QNAN', '<NA>', 'N/A', 'NA', 'NULL', 'NaN', 'n/a',
            'nan', 'null'.
        keep_default_na : bool, default True
            Whether or not to include the default NaN values when parsing the data.
            Depending on whether `na_values` is passed in, the behavior is as follows:
        
            * If `keep_default_na` is True, and `na_values` are specified, `na_values`
              is appended to the default NaN values used for parsing.
            * If `keep_default_na` is True, and `na_values` are not specified, only
              the default NaN values are used for parsing.
            * If `keep_default_na` is False, and `na_values` are specified, only
              the NaN values specified `na_values` are used for parsing.
            * If `keep_default_na` is False, and `na_values` are not specified, no
              strings will be parsed as NaN.
        
            Note that if `na_filter` is passed in as False, the `keep_default_na` and
            `na_values` parameters will be ignored.
        na_filter : bool, default True
            Detect missing value markers (empty strings and the value of na_values). In
            data without any NAs, passing na_filter=False can improve the performance
            of reading a large file.
        verbose : bool, default False
            Indicate number of NA values placed in non-numeric columns.
        skip_blank_lines : bool, default True
            If True, skip over blank lines rather than interpreting as NaN values.
        parse_dates : bool or list of int or names or list of lists or dict, default False
            The behavior is as follows:
        
            * boolean. If True -> try parsing the index.
            * list of int or names. e.g. If [1, 2, 3] -> try parsing columns 1, 2, 3
              each as a separate date column.
            * list of lists. e.g.  If [[1, 3]] -> combine columns 1 and 3 and parse as
              a single date column.
            * dict, e.g. {'foo' : [1, 3]} -> parse columns 1, 3 as date and call
              result 'foo'
        
            If a column or index cannot be represented as an array of datetimes,
            say because of an unparseable value or a mixture of timezones, the column
            or index will be returned unaltered as an object data type. For
            non-standard datetime parsing, use ``pd.to_datetime`` after
            ``pd.read_csv``. To parse an index or column with a mixture of timezones,
            specify ``date_parser`` to be a partially-applied
            :func:`pandas.to_datetime` with ``utc=True``. See
            :ref:`io.csv.mixed_timezones` for more.
        
            Note: A fast-path exists for iso8601-formatted dates.
        infer_datetime_format : bool, default False
            If True and `parse_dates` is enabled, pandas will attempt to infer the
            format of the datetime strings in the columns, and if it can be inferred,
            switch to a faster method of parsing them. In some cases this can increase
            the parsing speed by 5-10x.
        keep_date_col : bool, default False
            If True and `parse_dates` specifies combining multiple columns then
            keep the original columns.
        date_parser : function, optional
            Function to use for converting a sequence of string columns to an array of
            datetime instances. The default uses ``dateutil.parser.parser`` to do the
            conversion. Pandas will try to call `date_parser` in three different ways,
            advancing to the next if an exception occurs: 1) Pass one or more arrays
            (as defined by `parse_dates`) as arguments; 2) concatenate (row-wise) the
            string values from the columns defined by `parse_dates` into a single array
            and pass that; and 3) call `date_parser` once for each row using one or
            more strings (corresponding to the columns defined by `parse_dates`) as
            arguments.
        dayfirst : bool, default False
            DD/MM format dates, international and European format.
        cache_dates : bool, default True
            If True, use a cache of unique, converted dates to apply the datetime
            conversion. May produce significant speed-up when parsing duplicate
            date strings, especially ones with timezone offsets.
        
            .. versionadded:: 0.25.0
        iterator : bool, default False
            Return TextFileReader object for iteration or getting chunks with
            ``get_chunk()``.
        chunksize : int, optional
            Return TextFileReader object for iteration.
            See the `IO Tools docs
            <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/io.html#io-chunking>`_
            for more information on ``iterator`` and ``chunksize``.
        compression : {'infer', 'gzip', 'bz2', 'zip', 'xz', None}, default 'infer'
            For on-the-fly decompression of on-disk data. If 'infer' and
            `filepath_or_buffer` is path-like, then detect compression from the
            following extensions: '.gz', '.bz2', '.zip', or '.xz' (otherwise no
            decompression). If using 'zip', the ZIP file must contain only one data
            file to be read in. Set to None for no decompression.
        thousands : str, optional
            Thousands separator.
        decimal : str, default '.'
            Character to recognize as decimal point (e.g. use ',' for European data).
        lineterminator : str (length 1), optional
            Character to break file into lines. Only valid with C parser.
        quotechar : str (length 1), optional
            The character used to denote the start and end of a quoted item. Quoted
            items can include the delimiter and it will be ignored.
        quoting : int or csv.QUOTE_* instance, default 0
            Control field quoting behavior per ``csv.QUOTE_*`` constants. Use one of
            QUOTE_MINIMAL (0), QUOTE_ALL (1), QUOTE_NONNUMERIC (2) or QUOTE_NONE (3).
        doublequote : bool, default ``True``
           When quotechar is specified and quoting is not ``QUOTE_NONE``, indicate
           whether or not to interpret two consecutive quotechar elements INSIDE a
           field as a single ``quotechar`` element.
        escapechar : str (length 1), optional
            One-character string used to escape other characters.
        comment : str, optional
            Indicates remainder of line should not be parsed. If found at the beginning
            of a line, the line will be ignored altogether. This parameter must be a
            single character. Like empty lines (as long as ``skip_blank_lines=True``),
            fully commented lines are ignored by the parameter `header` but not by
            `skiprows`. For example, if ``comment='#'``, parsing
            ``#empty\na,b,c\n1,2,3`` with ``header=0`` will result in 'a,b,c' being
            treated as the header.
        encoding : str, optional
            Encoding to use for UTF when reading/writing (ex. 'utf-8'). `List of Python
            standard encodings
            <https://docs.python.org/3/library/codecs.html#standard-encodings>`_ .
        dialect : str or csv.Dialect, optional
            If provided, this parameter will override values (default or not) for the
            following parameters: `delimiter`, `doublequote`, `escapechar`,
            `skipinitialspace`, `quotechar`, and `quoting`. If it is necessary to
            override values, a ParserWarning will be issued. See csv.Dialect
            documentation for more details.
        error_bad_lines : bool, default True
            Lines with too many fields (e.g. a csv line with too many commas) will by
            default cause an exception to be raised, and no DataFrame will be returned.
            If False, then these "bad lines" will dropped from the DataFrame that is
            returned.
        warn_bad_lines : bool, default True
            If error_bad_lines is False, and warn_bad_lines is True, a warning for each
            "bad line" will be output.
        delim_whitespace : bool, default False
            Specifies whether or not whitespace (e.g. ``' '`` or ``'    '``) will be
            used as the sep. Equivalent to setting ``sep='\s+'``. If this option
            is set to True, nothing should be passed in for the ``delimiter``
            parameter.
        low_memory : bool, default True
            Internally process the file in chunks, resulting in lower memory use
            while parsing, but possibly mixed type inference.  To ensure no mixed
            types either set False, or specify the type with the `dtype` parameter.
            Note that the entire file is read into a single DataFrame regardless,
            use the `chunksize` or `iterator` parameter to return the data in chunks.
            (Only valid with C parser).
        memory_map : bool, default False
            If a filepath is provided for `filepath_or_buffer`, map the file object
            directly onto memory and access the data directly from there. Using this
            option can improve performance because there is no longer any I/O overhead.
        float_precision : str, optional
            Specifies which converter the C engine should use for floating-point
            values. The options are `None` for the ordinary converter,
            `high` for the high-precision converter, and `round_trip` for the
            round-trip converter.
        
        Returns
        -------
        DataFrame or TextParser
            A comma-separated values (csv) file is returned as two-dimensional
            data structure with labeled axes.
        
        See Also
        --------
        DataFrame.to_csv : Write DataFrame to a comma-separated values (csv) file.
        read_csv : Read a comma-separated values (csv) file into DataFrame.
        read_fwf : Read a table of fixed-width formatted lines into DataFrame.
        
        Examples
        --------
        >>> pd.read_csv('data.csv')  # doctest: +SKIP
    
    None
    


```python
# 显示前5行数据
food_info.head()
# 显示前3行数据
food_info.head(3)
```




<div>
<style scoped>
    .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
        vertical-align: middle;
    }

    .dataframe tbody tr th {
        vertical-align: top;
    }

    .dataframe thead th {
        text-align: right;
    }
</style>
<table border="1" class="dataframe">
  <thead>
    <tr style="text-align: right;">
      <th></th>
      <th>NDB_No</th>
      <th>Shrt_Desc</th>
      <th>Water_(g)</th>
      <th>Energ_Kcal</th>
      <th>Protein_(g)</th>
      <th>Lipid_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>Ash_(g)</th>
      <th>Carbohydrt_(g)</th>
      <th>Fiber_TD_(g)</th>
      <th>Sugar_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>...</th>
      <th>Vit_A_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_A_RAE</th>
      <th>Vit_E_(mg)</th>
      <th>Vit_D_mcg</th>
      <th>Vit_D_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_K_(mcg)</th>
      <th>FA_Sat_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Mono_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Poly_(g)</th>
      <th>Cholestrl_(mg)</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>0</th>
      <td>1001</td>
      <td>BUTTER WITH SALT</td>
      <td>15.87</td>
      <td>717</td>
      <td>0.85</td>
      <td>81.11</td>
      <td>2.11</td>
      <td>0.06</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.06</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>2499.0</td>
      <td>684.0</td>
      <td>2.32</td>
      <td>1.5</td>
      <td>60.0</td>
      <td>7.0</td>
      <td>51.368</td>
      <td>21.021</td>
      <td>3.043</td>
      <td>215.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>1</th>
      <td>1002</td>
      <td>BUTTER WHIPPED WITH SALT</td>
      <td>15.87</td>
      <td>717</td>
      <td>0.85</td>
      <td>81.11</td>
      <td>2.11</td>
      <td>0.06</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.06</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>2499.0</td>
      <td>684.0</td>
      <td>2.32</td>
      <td>1.5</td>
      <td>60.0</td>
      <td>7.0</td>
      <td>50.489</td>
      <td>23.426</td>
      <td>3.012</td>
      <td>219.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>2</th>
      <td>1003</td>
      <td>BUTTER OIL ANHYDROUS</td>
      <td>0.24</td>
      <td>876</td>
      <td>0.28</td>
      <td>99.48</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>3069.0</td>
      <td>840.0</td>
      <td>2.80</td>
      <td>1.8</td>
      <td>73.0</td>
      <td>8.6</td>
      <td>61.924</td>
      <td>28.732</td>
      <td>3.694</td>
      <td>256.0</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<p>3 rows × 36 columns</p>
</div>




```python
# 显示后4行数据
food_info.tail(4)
```




<div>
<style scoped>
    .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
        vertical-align: middle;
    }

    .dataframe tbody tr th {
        vertical-align: top;
    }

    .dataframe thead th {
        text-align: right;
    }
</style>
<table border="1" class="dataframe">
  <thead>
    <tr style="text-align: right;">
      <th></th>
      <th>NDB_No</th>
      <th>Shrt_Desc</th>
      <th>Water_(g)</th>
      <th>Energ_Kcal</th>
      <th>Protein_(g)</th>
      <th>Lipid_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>Ash_(g)</th>
      <th>Carbohydrt_(g)</th>
      <th>Fiber_TD_(g)</th>
      <th>Sugar_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>...</th>
      <th>Vit_A_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_A_RAE</th>
      <th>Vit_E_(mg)</th>
      <th>Vit_D_mcg</th>
      <th>Vit_D_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_K_(mcg)</th>
      <th>FA_Sat_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Mono_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Poly_(g)</th>
      <th>Cholestrl_(mg)</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>8614</th>
      <td>90240</td>
      <td>SCALLOP (BAY&amp;SEA) CKD STMD</td>
      <td>70.25</td>
      <td>111</td>
      <td>20.54</td>
      <td>0.84</td>
      <td>2.97</td>
      <td>5.41</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>5.0</td>
      <td>2.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>2.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.218</td>
      <td>0.082</td>
      <td>0.222</td>
      <td>41.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>8615</th>
      <td>90480</td>
      <td>SYRUP CANE</td>
      <td>26.00</td>
      <td>269</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>0.86</td>
      <td>73.14</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>73.2</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.000</td>
      <td>0.000</td>
      <td>0.000</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>8616</th>
      <td>90560</td>
      <td>SNAIL RAW</td>
      <td>79.20</td>
      <td>90</td>
      <td>16.10</td>
      <td>1.40</td>
      <td>1.30</td>
      <td>2.00</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>100.0</td>
      <td>30.0</td>
      <td>5.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.1</td>
      <td>0.361</td>
      <td>0.259</td>
      <td>0.252</td>
      <td>50.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>8617</th>
      <td>93600</td>
      <td>TURTLE GREEN RAW</td>
      <td>78.50</td>
      <td>89</td>
      <td>19.80</td>
      <td>0.50</td>
      <td>1.20</td>
      <td>0.00</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>100.0</td>
      <td>30.0</td>
      <td>0.5</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.1</td>
      <td>0.127</td>
      <td>0.088</td>
      <td>0.170</td>
      <td>50.0</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<p>4 rows × 36 columns</p>
</div>




```python
# 获得每一列的指标
print(food_info.columns)
```

    Index(['NDB_No', 'Shrt_Desc', 'Water_(g)', 'Energ_Kcal', 'Protein_(g)',
           'Lipid_Tot_(g)', 'Ash_(g)', 'Carbohydrt_(g)', 'Fiber_TD_(g)',
           'Sugar_Tot_(g)', 'Calcium_(mg)', 'Iron_(mg)', 'Magnesium_(mg)',
           'Phosphorus_(mg)', 'Potassium_(mg)', 'Sodium_(mg)', 'Zinc_(mg)',
           'Copper_(mg)', 'Manganese_(mg)', 'Selenium_(mcg)', 'Vit_C_(mg)',
           'Thiamin_(mg)', 'Riboflavin_(mg)', 'Niacin_(mg)', 'Vit_B6_(mg)',
           'Vit_B12_(mcg)', 'Vit_A_IU', 'Vit_A_RAE', 'Vit_E_(mg)', 'Vit_D_mcg',
           'Vit_D_IU', 'Vit_K_(mcg)', 'FA_Sat_(g)', 'FA_Mono_(g)', 'FA_Poly_(g)',
           'Cholestrl_(mg)'],
          dtype='object')
    


```python
# 获得表格的维度
print(food_info.shape)
```

    (8618, 36)
    


```python
# pandas取数据
# 取index=0的数据
print(food_info.loc[0])
```

    NDB_No                         1001
    Shrt_Desc          BUTTER WITH SALT
    Water_(g)                     15.87
    Energ_Kcal                      717
    Protein_(g)                    0.85
    Lipid_Tot_(g)                 81.11
    Ash_(g)                        2.11
    Carbohydrt_(g)                 0.06
    Fiber_TD_(g)                      0
    Sugar_Tot_(g)                  0.06
    Calcium_(mg)                     24
    Iron_(mg)                      0.02
    Magnesium_(mg)                    2
    Phosphorus_(mg)                  24
    Potassium_(mg)                   24
    Sodium_(mg)                     643
    Zinc_(mg)                      0.09
    Copper_(mg)                       0
    Manganese_(mg)                    0
    Selenium_(mcg)                    1
    Vit_C_(mg)                        0
    Thiamin_(mg)                  0.005
    Riboflavin_(mg)               0.034
    Niacin_(mg)                   0.042
    Vit_B6_(mg)                   0.003
    Vit_B12_(mcg)                  0.17
    Vit_A_IU                       2499
    Vit_A_RAE                       684
    Vit_E_(mg)                     2.32
    Vit_D_mcg                       1.5
    Vit_D_IU                         60
    Vit_K_(mcg)                       7
    FA_Sat_(g)                   51.368
    FA_Mono_(g)                  21.021
    FA_Poly_(g)                   3.043
    Cholestrl_(mg)                  215
    Name: 0, dtype: object
    


```python
# 取3456行
food_info.loc[3:6]
```




<div>
<style scoped>
    .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
        vertical-align: middle;
    }

    .dataframe tbody tr th {
        vertical-align: top;
    }

    .dataframe thead th {
        text-align: right;
    }
</style>
<table border="1" class="dataframe">
  <thead>
    <tr style="text-align: right;">
      <th></th>
      <th>NDB_No</th>
      <th>Shrt_Desc</th>
      <th>Water_(g)</th>
      <th>Energ_Kcal</th>
      <th>Protein_(g)</th>
      <th>Lipid_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>Ash_(g)</th>
      <th>Carbohydrt_(g)</th>
      <th>Fiber_TD_(g)</th>
      <th>Sugar_Tot_(g)</th>
      <th>...</th>
      <th>Vit_A_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_A_RAE</th>
      <th>Vit_E_(mg)</th>
      <th>Vit_D_mcg</th>
      <th>Vit_D_IU</th>
      <th>Vit_K_(mcg)</th>
      <th>FA_Sat_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Mono_(g)</th>
      <th>FA_Poly_(g)</th>
      <th>Cholestrl_(mg)</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>3</th>
      <td>1004</td>
      <td>CHEESE BLUE</td>
      <td>42.41</td>
      <td>353</td>
      <td>21.40</td>
      <td>28.74</td>
      <td>5.11</td>
      <td>2.34</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.50</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>721.0</td>
      <td>198.0</td>
      <td>0.25</td>
      <td>0.5</td>
      <td>21.0</td>
      <td>2.4</td>
      <td>18.669</td>
      <td>7.778</td>
      <td>0.800</td>
      <td>75.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>4</th>
      <td>1005</td>
      <td>CHEESE BRICK</td>
      <td>41.11</td>
      <td>371</td>
      <td>23.24</td>
      <td>29.68</td>
      <td>3.18</td>
      <td>2.79</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.51</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>1080.0</td>
      <td>292.0</td>
      <td>0.26</td>
      <td>0.5</td>
      <td>22.0</td>
      <td>2.5</td>
      <td>18.764</td>
      <td>8.598</td>
      <td>0.784</td>
      <td>94.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>5</th>
      <td>1006</td>
      <td>CHEESE BRIE</td>
      <td>48.42</td>
      <td>334</td>
      <td>20.75</td>
      <td>27.68</td>
      <td>2.70</td>
      <td>0.45</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.45</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>592.0</td>
      <td>174.0</td>
      <td>0.24</td>
      <td>0.5</td>
      <td>20.0</td>
      <td>2.3</td>
      <td>17.410</td>
      <td>8.013</td>
      <td>0.826</td>
      <td>100.0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>6</th>
      <td>1007</td>
      <td>CHEESE CAMEMBERT</td>
      <td>51.80</td>
      <td>300</td>
      <td>19.80</td>
      <td>24.26</td>
      <td>3.68</td>
      <td>0.46</td>
      <td>0.0</td>
      <td>0.46</td>
      <td>...</td>
      <td>820.0</td>
      <td>241.0</td>
      <td>0.21</td>
      <td>0.4</td>
      <td>18.0</td>
      <td>2.0</td>
      <td>15.259</td>
      <td>7.023</td>
      <td>0.724</td>
      <td>72.0</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
<p>4 rows × 36 columns</p>
</div>




```python
# 一列一列取数据,直接输入列名定位列
ndb_col = food_info["NDB_No"]
print(ndb_col)
# 定位到两个列
columns = ["Zinc_(mg)","Copper_(mg)"]
zinc_copper = food_info[columns]
print(zinc_copper)
```

    0        1001
    1        1002
    2        1003
    3        1004
    4        1005
            ...  
    8613    83110
    8614    90240
    8615    90480
    8616    90560
    8617    93600
    Name: NDB_No, Length: 8618, dtype: int64
          Zinc_(mg)  Copper_(mg)
    0          0.09        0.000
    1          0.05        0.016
    2          0.01        0.001
    3          2.66        0.040
    4          2.60        0.024
    ...         ...          ...
    8613       1.10        0.100
    8614       1.55        0.033
    8615       0.19        0.020
    8616       1.00        0.400
    8617       1.00        0.250
    
    [8618 rows x 2 columns]
    


```python
# 看列名中哪些是以g为结尾的,存储到变量gram_df里
col_names = food_info.columns.tolist()
print(col_names)
gram_columns = []
for c in col_names:
    if c.endswith("(g)"):
        gram_columns.append(c)
gram_df = food_info[gram_columns]
print(gram_df.head(3))
```

    ['NDB_No', 'Shrt_Desc', 'Water_(g)', 'Energ_Kcal', 'Protein_(g)', 'Lipid_Tot_(g)', 'Ash_(g)', 'Carbohydrt_(g)', 'Fiber_TD_(g)', 'Sugar_Tot_(g)', 'Calcium_(mg)', 'Iron_(mg)', 'Magnesium_(mg)', 'Phosphorus_(mg)', 'Potassium_(mg)', 'Sodium_(mg)', 'Zinc_(mg)', 'Copper_(mg)', 'Manganese_(mg)', 'Selenium_(mcg)', 'Vit_C_(mg)', 'Thiamin_(mg)', 'Riboflavin_(mg)', 'Niacin_(mg)', 'Vit_B6_(mg)', 'Vit_B12_(mcg)', 'Vit_A_IU', 'Vit_A_RAE', 'Vit_E_(mg)', 'Vit_D_mcg', 'Vit_D_IU', 'Vit_K_(mcg)', 'FA_Sat_(g)', 'FA_Mono_(g)', 'FA_Poly_(g)', 'Cholestrl_(mg)']
       Water_(g)  Protein_(g)  Lipid_Tot_(g)  Ash_(g)  Carbohydrt_(g)  \
    0      15.87         0.85          81.11     2.11            0.06   
    1      15.87         0.85          81.11     2.11            0.06   
    2       0.24         0.28          99.48     0.00            0.00   
    
       Fiber_TD_(g)  Sugar_Tot_(g)  FA_Sat_(g)  FA_Mono_(g)  FA_Poly_(g)  
    0           0.0           0.06      51.368       21.021        3.043  
    1           0.0           0.06      50.489       23.426        3.012  
    2           0.0           0.00      61.924       28.732        3.694  
    


```python
# 在pandas中进行加减乘除的操作
print(food_info['Iron_(mg)'])
# 把一整列除以1000
div_1000 = food_info["Iron_(mg)"] / 1000
print(div_1000)
# 对两个列进行组合
water_energy = food_info["Water_(g)"] * food_info["Energ_Kcal"]   # 维度一定要一样
iron_grams = food_info["Iron_(mg)"] / 1000
print(food_info.shape)
# 新建了一个列叫Iron_(g)
food_info["Iron_(g)"] = iron_grams
print(food_info.shape)
# 对应位置维度一样，相当于对应位置进行运算，如果是一个值，则是每个元素都进行运算。

# 求某一列中的最大值
max_calories = food_info["Energ_Kcal"].max()
# 进行归一化操作
normalize_calorieds = food_info["Energ_Kcal"] / max_calories
```

    0       0.02
    1       0.16
    2       0.00
    3       0.31
    4       0.43
            ... 
    8613    1.40
    8614    0.58
    8615    3.60
    8616    3.50
    8617    1.40
    Name: Iron_(mg), Length: 8618, dtype: float64
    0       0.00002
    1       0.00016
    2       0.00000
    3       0.00031
    4       0.00043
             ...   
    8613    0.00140
    8614    0.00058
    8615    0.00360
    8616    0.00350
    8617    0.00140
    Name: Iron_(mg), Length: 8618, dtype: float64
    (8618, 37)
    (8618, 37)
    


```python
# 用pandas做一个排序的操作
# 指定列进行排序,默认从小到大的排序
food_info.sort_values("Sodium_(mg)",inplace=True)
print(food_info["Sodium_(mg)"])
# 想从大到小的排序
food_info.sort_values("Sodium_(mg)",inplace=True,ascending=False)
print(food_info["Sodium_(mg)"])
```

    760     0.0
    610     0.0
    611     0.0
    8387    0.0
    8607    0.0
           ... 
    8184    NaN
    8185    NaN
    8195    NaN
    8251    NaN
    8267    NaN
    Name: Sodium_(mg), Length: 8618, dtype: float64
    276     38758.0
    5814    27360.0
    6192    26050.0
    1242    26000.0
    1245    24000.0
             ...   
    8184        NaN
    8185        NaN
    8195        NaN
    8251        NaN
    8267        NaN
    Name: Sodium_(mg), Length: 8618, dtype: float64
    


```python
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
titanic_survival = pd.read_csv("titanic_train.csv")
titanic_survival.head()
```




<div>
<style scoped>
    .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
        vertical-align: middle;
    }

    .dataframe tbody tr th {
        vertical-align: top;
    }

    .dataframe thead th {
        text-align: right;
    }
</style>
<table border="1" class="dataframe">
  <thead>
    <tr style="text-align: right;">
      <th></th>
      <th>PassengerId</th>
      <th>Survived</th>
      <th>Pclass</th>
      <th>Name</th>
      <th>Sex</th>
      <th>Age</th>
      <th>SibSp</th>
      <th>Parch</th>
      <th>Ticket</th>
      <th>Fare</th>
      <th>Cabin</th>
      <th>Embarked</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>0</th>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>Braund, Mr. Owen Harris</td>
      <td>male</td>
      <td>22.0</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>A/5 21171</td>
      <td>7.2500</td>
      <td>NaN</td>
      <td>S</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>1</th>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>Cumings, Mrs. John Bradley (Florence Briggs Th...</td>
      <td>female</td>
      <td>38.0</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>PC 17599</td>
      <td>71.2833</td>
      <td>C85</td>
      <td>C</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>2</th>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>Heikkinen, Miss. Laina</td>
      <td>female</td>
      <td>26.0</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>STON/O2. 3101282</td>
      <td>7.9250</td>
      <td>NaN</td>
      <td>S</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>3</th>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>Futrelle, Mrs. Jacques Heath (Lily May Peel)</td>
      <td>female</td>
      <td>35.0</td>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>113803</td>
      <td>53.1000</td>
      <td>C123</td>
      <td>S</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th>4</th>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>Allen, Mr. William Henry</td>
      <td>male</td>
      <td>35.0</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>0</td>
      <td>373450</td>
      <td>8.0500</td>
      <td>NaN</td>
      <td>S</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</div>




```python
# 观察年龄这一列
age = titanic_survival["Age"]
# 看这一列前10个值是多少
print(age.loc[0:10])
# 判断缺失值的判断，如果是缺失值，则为True
age_is_null = pd.isnull(age)
print(age_is_null)
# 得到True和False之后是有用的,因为它们可以被作为索引
age_null_true = age[age_is_null]
print(age_null_true)
# 打印当前缺失值的个数,有177个缺失值
age_null_count = len(age_null_true)
print(age_null_count)
# 如果不对缺失值进行处理,比如我现在想算一下总年龄
mean_age = sum(titanic_survival["Age"]) / len(titanic_survival["Age"])
print(mean_age)   # nan,平均值是nan
# 所以要对缺失值进行处理
# 如果当前有值则算，否则不算
good_ages = titanic_survival["Age"][age_is_null == False]
print("good_ages:",good_ages)
correct_mean_age = sum(good_ages) / len(good_ages)
print(correct_mean_age)
```

    0     22.0
    1     38.0
    2     26.0
    3     35.0
    4     35.0
    5      NaN
    6     54.0
    7      2.0
    8     27.0
    9     14.0
    10     4.0
    Name: Age, dtype: float64
    0      False
    1      False
    2      False
    3      False
    4      False
           ...  
    886    False
    887    False
    888     True
    889    False
    890    False
    Name: Age, Length: 891, dtype: bool
    5     NaN
    17    NaN
    19    NaN
    26    NaN
    28    NaN
           ..
    859   NaN
    863   NaN
    868   NaN
    878   NaN
    888   NaN
    Name: Age, Length: 177, dtype: float64
    177
    nan
    good_ages: 0      22.0
    1      38.0
    2      26.0
    3      35.0
    4      35.0
           ... 
    885    39.0
    886    27.0
    887    19.0
    889    26.0
    890    32.0
    Name: Age, Length: 714, dtype: float64
    29.69911764705882
    


```python
# pandas中有直接求平均值的函数
correct_mean_age = titanic_survival["Age"].mean()
print(correct_mean_age)
```

    29.69911764705882
    


```python
# 为每个船舱等级算船票平均值，这个事情做的好麻烦
passenger_classes = [1,2,3]
fares_by_class = {}
for this_class in passenger_classes:
    pclass_rows = titanic_survival[titanic_survival["Pclass"] == this_class]
    pclass_fares = pclass_rows["Fare"]
    fare_for_class = pclass_fares.mean()
    fares_by_class[this_class] = fare_for_class
print(fares_by_class)
```


      File "<ipython-input-44-9fb34b106a3d>", line 5
        pclass_rows = titanic_survival[titanic_survival["Pclass"] == this class]
                                                                          ^
    SyntaxError: invalid syntax
    



```python
# pandas中有快速数据统计的东西,计算对于每个Pclass的平均获救人数
passenger_survival = titanic_survival.pivot_table(index="Pclass", values="Survived", aggfunc=np.mean)
print(passenger_survival)
```

            Survived
    Pclass          
    1       0.629630
    2       0.472826
    3       0.242363
    


```python
# 需求变成对于Pclass对于几个舱它们的平均年龄是多少,默认是求均值操作
passenger_age = titanic_survival.pivot_table(index="Pclass", values="Age")
print(passenger_age)
```

                  Age
    Pclass           
    1       38.233441
    2       29.877630
    3       25.140620
    


```python
# 看登船地点和票价、生存率两个变量的关系
port_stats = titanic_survival.pivot_table(index="Embarked", values=["Fare","Survived"], aggfunc=np.sum)
print(port_stats)
```

                    Fare  Survived
    Embarked                      
    C         10072.2962        93
    Q          1022.2543        30
    S         17439.3988       217
    


```python
# 有一个需求，把缺失值全丢掉
# 如果这两列中有缺失值，则丢掉
new_titanic_survival = titanic_survival.dropna(axis=0,subset=["Age","Sex"])
print(new_titanic_survival)
```

         PassengerId  Survived  Pclass  \
    0              1         0       3   
    1              2         1       1   
    2              3         1       3   
    3              4         1       1   
    4              5         0       3   
    ..           ...       ...     ...   
    885          886         0       3   
    886          887         0       2   
    887          888         1       1   
    889          890         1       1   
    890          891         0       3   
    
                                                      Name     Sex   Age  SibSp  \
    0                              Braund, Mr. Owen Harris    male  22.0      1   
    1    Cumings, Mrs. John Bradley (Florence Briggs Th...  female  38.0      1   
    2                               Heikkinen, Miss. Laina  female  26.0      0   
    3         Futrelle, Mrs. Jacques Heath (Lily May Peel)  female  35.0      1   
    4                             Allen, Mr. William Henry    male  35.0      0   
    ..                                                 ...     ...   ...    ...   
    885               Rice, Mrs. William (Margaret Norton)  female  39.0      0   
    886                              Montvila, Rev. Juozas    male  27.0      0   
    887                       Graham, Miss. Margaret Edith  female  19.0      0   
    889                              Behr, Mr. Karl Howell    male  26.0      0   
    890                                Dooley, Mr. Patrick    male  32.0      0   
    
         Parch            Ticket     Fare Cabin Embarked  
    0        0         A/5 21171   7.2500   NaN        S  
    1        0          PC 17599  71.2833   C85        C  
    2        0  STON/O2. 3101282   7.9250   NaN        S  
    3        0            113803  53.1000  C123        S  
    4        0            373450   8.0500   NaN        S  
    ..     ...               ...      ...   ...      ...  
    885      5            382652  29.1250   NaN        Q  
    886      0            211536  13.0000   NaN        S  
    887      0            112053  30.0000   B42        S  
    889      0            111369  30.0000  C148        C  
    890      0            370376   7.7500   NaN        Q  
    
    [714 rows x 12 columns]
    


```python
# 通过行和列索引找具体的值
row_index_83_age = titanic_survival.loc[83,"Age"]
print(row_index_83_age)
```

    28.0
    


```python
row_index_1000_pclass = titanic_survival.loc[766,"Pclass"]
print(row_index_1000_pclass)
```

    1
    


```python
# 还是pandas排序,默认是降序
new_titanic_survival = titanic_survival.sort_values("Age",ascending=False)
print(new_titanic_survival[0:10])
# 把index值重新排序,drop=True
titanic_reindexed = new_titanic_survival.reset_index(drop=True)
print('---------------------')
print(titanic_reindexed.loc[0:10])
```

         PassengerId  Survived  Pclass                                  Name  \
    630          631         1       1  Barkworth, Mr. Algernon Henry Wilson   
    851          852         0       3                   Svensson, Mr. Johan   
    493          494         0       1               Artagaveytia, Mr. Ramon   
    96            97         0       1             Goldschmidt, Mr. George B   
    116          117         0       3                  Connors, Mr. Patrick   
    672          673         0       2           Mitchell, Mr. Henry Michael   
    745          746         0       1          Crosby, Capt. Edward Gifford   
    33            34         0       2                 Wheadon, Mr. Edward H   
    54            55         0       1        Ostby, Mr. Engelhart Cornelius   
    280          281         0       3                      Duane, Mr. Frank   
    
          Sex   Age  SibSp  Parch      Ticket     Fare Cabin Embarked  
    630  male  80.0      0      0       27042  30.0000   A23        S  
    851  male  74.0      0      0      347060   7.7750   NaN        S  
    493  male  71.0      0      0    PC 17609  49.5042   NaN        C  
    96   male  71.0      0      0    PC 17754  34.6542    A5        C  
    116  male  70.5      0      0      370369   7.7500   NaN        Q  
    672  male  70.0      0      0  C.A. 24580  10.5000   NaN        S  
    745  male  70.0      1      1   WE/P 5735  71.0000   B22        S  
    33   male  66.0      0      0  C.A. 24579  10.5000   NaN        S  
    54   male  65.0      0      1      113509  61.9792   B30        C  
    280  male  65.0      0      0      336439   7.7500   NaN        Q  
    ---------------------
        PassengerId  Survived  Pclass                                  Name   Sex  \
    0           631         1       1  Barkworth, Mr. Algernon Henry Wilson  male   
    1           852         0       3                   Svensson, Mr. Johan  male   
    2           494         0       1               Artagaveytia, Mr. Ramon  male   
    3            97         0       1             Goldschmidt, Mr. George B  male   
    4           117         0       3                  Connors, Mr. Patrick  male   
    5           673         0       2           Mitchell, Mr. Henry Michael  male   
    6           746         0       1          Crosby, Capt. Edward Gifford  male   
    7            34         0       2                 Wheadon, Mr. Edward H  male   
    8            55         0       1        Ostby, Mr. Engelhart Cornelius  male   
    9           281         0       3                      Duane, Mr. Frank  male   
    10          457         0       1             Millet, Mr. Francis Davis  male   
    
         Age  SibSp  Parch      Ticket     Fare Cabin Embarked  
    0   80.0      0      0       27042  30.0000   A23        S  
    1   74.0      0      0      347060   7.7750   NaN        S  
    2   71.0      0      0    PC 17609  49.5042   NaN        C  
    3   71.0      0      0    PC 17754  34.6542    A5        C  
    4   70.5      0      0      370369   7.7500   NaN        Q  
    5   70.0      0      0  C.A. 24580  10.5000   NaN        S  
    6   70.0      1      1   WE/P 5735  71.0000   B22        S  
    7   66.0      0      0  C.A. 24579  10.5000   NaN        S  
    8   65.0      0      1      113509  61.9792   B30        C  
    9   65.0      0      0      336439   7.7500   NaN        Q  
    10  65.0      0      0       13509  26.5500   E38        S  
    


```python
# 有一个需求用panda内部函数实现不了，一方面是拼接代码，一方面是apply函数，也就是自定义函数操作
def hundredth_row(column):
    hundredth_item = column.loc[99]    # 返回第100行的数据
    return hundredth_item
hundredth_row = titanic_survival.apply(hundredth_row)
print(hundredth_row)
# 再举一个例子,算每个列的缺失值个数
def not_null_count(column):
    column_null = pd.isnull(column)
    null = column[column_null]
    return len(null)
column_null_count = titanic_survival.apply(not_null_count)
print(column_null_count)
```

    PassengerId                  100
    Survived                       0
    Pclass                         2
    Name           Kantor, Mr. Sinai
    Sex                         male
    Age                           34
    SibSp                          1
    Parch                          0
    Ticket                    244367
    Fare                          26
    Cabin                        NaN
    Embarked                       S
    dtype: object
    PassengerId      0
    Survived         0
    Pclass           0
    Name             0
    Sex              0
    Age            177
    SibSp            0
    Parch            0
    Ticket           0
    Fare             0
    Cabin          687
    Embarked         2
    dtype: int64
    


```python
# 把年龄这一列的连续值离散化
def is_minor(row):
    if row["Age"] < 18:
        return True
    else:
        return False
minors = titanic_survival.apply(is_minor, axis=1)
print(minors)
def generate_age_label(row):
    age = row["Age"]
    if pd.isnull(age):
        return "unknown"
    elif age < 18:
        return "minor"
    else:
        return "adult"
age_labels = titanic_survival.apply(generate_age_label, axis=1)
print("age_labels:",age_labels)
```

    0      False
    1      False
    2      False
    3      False
    4      False
           ...  
    886    False
    887    False
    888    False
    889    False
    890    False
    Length: 891, dtype: bool
    age_labels: 0        adult
    1        adult
    2        adult
    3        adult
    4        adult
            ...   
    886      adult
    887      adult
    888    unknown
    889      adult
    890      adult
    Length: 891, dtype: object
    


```python
# 算成年和非成年人的获救率的关系
titanic_survival['age_labels'] = age_labels
age_group_survival = titanic_survival.pivot_table(index="age_labels", values="Survived")
print(age_group_survival)
```

                Survived
    age_labels          
    adult       0.381032
    minor       0.539823
    unknown     0.293785
    


```python

```
